Classes are used to create the layout out of an object or objects. Classes typically include “fields, constructors, and methods” related to the object/purpose we are making it for. 

Objects on the other hand are “specific instances of a class,” which means that when objects are created that’s when specific properties of classes are finally put into action code wise. 

One way classes and objects are different from one another is that objects act as subset of classes in the sense that objects are built upon the foundation of the information found in class code to exist. Multiple different objects that vary from one another slightly can be based on the same class because they all share some similar properties that were introduced in the original class they were based on. Classes on the other hand though cannot be a subset of an object since objects don’t provide the layout for classes only classes do for objects (Difference Between Object And Class). 

Another way classes and objects are different from one another is that objects “allocate memory when created” since they are an actual instance of the class being put in action, while classes “don’t allocate memory” since they are just providing the description of what the object should do and nothing code wise has been put into action just yet in the program (Difference Between Object And Class).

A final way classes and objects are different from one another is that objects can “be manipulated while classes cannot since they aren’t available in the memory of the program,” (Difference Between Object And Class). Since classes don’t allocate memory when created the program can’t go back and manipulate it later on to make any changes to it while its running, however since the creation of object allocates memory this allows them to be easily manipulated in a way you can’t when using classes. 
